Pre vious/y on "Ha ven". ..
The first time I felt your touch
was the day you kissed me.
I hadn't felt anything
for a long time.
I will find Audrey.
She will kill me.
The troubles will end.
What is this barn
that I'm supposedly in?
It's —— It's a space
between two worlds,
and it's been badly damaged.
If you don't leave soon,
you will die.
If I make it to the other side,
who will I be?
Whoever you most want to be.
Audrey!
The troubles haven't ended.
Killing me is the only way now.
I'm not killing anyone,
certainly not someone
I've never met before.
And who is Audrey?
My name is Lexie.
Your name is Lexie?
I guess you guys
were expecting somebody else?
Shoot him!
I'm not shooting anyone.
Who are you people?
Jordan, if she's
not Audrey anymore,
then her killing Nathan
isn't gonna end the troubles.
It only works if she loves him.
[Gun cocks]
Then I might as well
shoot him myself!
Vince, get your people
under control!
Jordan!
Run!
MAN: He's getting away!
Forget Crocker!
Get Wuornos!
MAN: Hey!
Come on, come on, come on!
—Where am |?
—Maine.
Don't worry, after a while,
you kind of get used to it.
MAN: Almost got him!
Down the other side.
[ Gun cocks ]
Don't move.
You're just gonna kill him,
right here?
We had a deal, Vince.
We agreed he had to die.
But things have changed.
That door never
should have been opened.
Not now, Dave!
Don't do this, Vince.
[Gun cocks]
I'm sorry, Nathan.
[Guns cocking]
[Gun shoots]
Okay, listen up, you lunatics.
Move a muscle, lose your head.
I know it doesn't seem like I know
how to use this thing, but I do.
—What do you want, Lexie?
—|deally?
A stiff drink
and a reason why y'all are trying
to blow away "cheekbones" here.
I'll take care of her.
Listen, I know you're angry, honey,
but I'm hoping
you're not stupid, too.
Excuse me, Lexie!
Hi. My name's Duke.
And I would actually prefer
that they didn't shoot
"cheekbones" here either.
Now, I think I can clear
this whole thing up
if I could just talk
to this gentleman right over here ——
the, uh —— the big one.
Okay.
There's nothing more to say, Duke.
Oh, really, Vince?
Because everybody here
still wants the troubles to end.
And I think I know how.
[Somber folk music]
This is insane!
Can't we just turn Lexie
back into Audrey?
Can't be changed back.
We tried once a long time ago.
So we find the barn again,
shove her back in,
see what that does.
You won't find it.
It's gone, and for good this time.
Vince, Jennifer's trouble gives her
some kind of connection
to the barn, okay?
She can hear it.
I could hear it, not anymore,
not since Lexie walked out
and I heard someone say
the barn was dying.
On the upside,
I might be normal again, so...
Oh, how nice for you.
But the rest of us
don't get off that easy.
Which is why
my plan makes sense.
We can't go on like this.
We have to end it,
and Lexie killing Nathan right now
is our best shot.
Or it ruins our chance
of ending the troubles forever.
You're just doing whatever you can
to keep your friend alive!
And you just want to kill him,
sweetheart.
—Look, clearly you ——
—Enough!
Jordan's right.
The troubles are destroying
this town.
We must end them.
Get Dwight on the phone.
How's your head?
I can't feel it.
Oh, tough guy.
Why don't you just let me
take a look at it.
l've stitched up a couple cuts
in my day.
—Oh, sorry.
—Sure.
It's okay.
That's not even worth a stitch.
Good news —— you're gonna live.
[Chuckles]
[Muffled voices]
You got any idea what they're
talking about or saying in there?
I can't hear.
It's probably for the best.
I'd actually like, you know,
a heads—up
if we're gonna get tortured or killed
or made to work in a newspaper.
I think I'm the prisoner here, Aud——
Lexie.
—You're safe.
—See, here's the thing, okay?
I went to work today.
I showed up,
and I pretty much found out
that my entire existence
is like some kind of a dream
or something.
Then I went through
a supernatural door.
I landed here, and people
just put guns in my hands,
and now I'm locked up.
So I'm not really feeling
that, um, safe.
Tell me who you thought you were.
Oh, I'm a bartender.
| used to complain
about crappy tips,
but I swear to God,
I'm never gonna complain
about anything again.
Did a man named Agent Howard ——
black, bald ——
did he help you get here?
No.
Actually, the guy's name
was William.
Did he tell you
what you're doing here?
All he said was that l belonged
in this crazy town
and that somehow I was important.
You two, come with me.
Wow.
Vince told me, but wow.
Yeah.
You brought us to a crime scene?
You, stay here, please.
Hey, listen, are we gonna get
some lunch or something?
'Cause I could eat.
We think it's a trouble.
A kid named Josh was having
breakfast with Katie over there,
and then he went nuts,
like a switch flipped.
Attacked her.
Employees locked him in the kitchen,
and he's still in there.
Are you sure you don't need me?
I need you for that other thing.
lt's critical for this to work.
After everything that just happened,
you want me to solve a trouble?
Yes.
Someone tell me
what the hell is going on?
Duke has a plan.
Well, it's really pretty simple.
lf Audrey loves you
when she kills you,
the troubles end, right?
The same rule should apply
if Lexie falls for you.
You want Lexie
to fall in love with me?
Spend some time with her.
Get to know her.
She can help you with this trouble.
She's not even a cop anymore.
She's a bartender.
Whatever personality she has,
she's always helped
with the troubles.
lt's who she is.
You make sure this happens.
If it doesn't, The Guard
won't just be here for Nathan.
Good pep talk.
—This is your plan?
—No.
—This is your plan, remember?
—No...
Just a different girl this time.
I'm in love with Audrey.
[Screaming]
| just wanted to go to the bathroom.
What the hell kind of town is this?
Josh?
Hey, we just want to help.
Stop calling me Josh!
Josh, you're surrounded.
Put the knife down.
This is over.
You're damn right it's over.
I trusted her.
And look where that got me!
Whoa!
Oh, my God.
So you and Josh
knew each other pretty well.
He was my boyfriend,
Tyler's best friend.
Mine too.
But, uh, Tyler wasn't with you then.
No, he's still in the hospital.
We were in a car accident
a few days ago.
It was, uh, pretty bad.
So what caused the accident?
Tyler lost control.
For some reason,
he just drove right into a wall.
It's a miracle Josh and I
walked away.
lnteresting.
You can jump in here
anytime you want, Detective.
Right.
Katie, all right, thanks.
Officer Rafferty.
Officer Rafferty will take
your formal statement.
Welcome back, Detective.
—Oh, actually, I'm not...
—You know what?
It's great, isn't it?
Mazel tov. We're all very happy,
thank you.
Look, you want to try
to explain this to everyone?
You know, we still need them
to think she's a cop.
Yeah, but I'm not a cop,
and I'm notAudrey, okay?
This is insane.
Oh, I know this is all very
confusing...
Lexie.
—But...
—You know...
We are gonna need your help
to figure it out.
needs something from me,
but you know what I need?
I need to eat.
So is that candy machine...
Is that gonna kill me?
No.
Baby Ruths stick,
so don't push, um, P—3.
P3. Got it.
I mean, you are just
charming the pants off of her.
She fell in love with you
when you were a cop.
So, come on, you know...
be a cop, man.
You know, figure this out.
What is happening here?
They both had suicidal thoughts.
It sounds like whatever trouble
hit Josh
might have hit Katie's boyfriend,
Tyler, too.
Great. Hope it's contagious.
Okay, so, uh...
Where do you and your new partner
want to go next?
The hospital.
Talk to Tyler.
A hospital.
That's perfect.
I need to get my head scanned.
No, I'm serious.
I can't move my legs.
I probably never will.
Butlguess
I'm lucky to be alive, right?
Tyler, Katie said you crashed
when you lost control of your car.
Did anything strange happen
just before the accident?
You're gonna think I'm crazy,
but right before we crashed,
Katie looked at me funny,
and something happened.
I couldn't control myself.
My body did its own thing.
That's why I crashed. I'm sorry.
You didn't say anything about Katie
to the cops at the scene?
Why would I?
It doesn't make any sense.
It does if your girlfriend is
troubled.
I've heard of those.
But Katie? No.
I can't believe it.
Tyler, if you think of anything else,
give me a call.
Hey, kid.
I'm gonna write you a prescription.
When you get out,
that'll get you a free round
at the Gull.
Thanks.
—What did the doctor say?
—Right as rain.
Healthy.
But I don't really trust doctors.
Well, you know,
you should have seen
Detective Wuornos
questioning Tyler in there.
It was... It was good.
Really?
Sounds like he was affected
by the same thing Josh was,
and in both cases,
Katie was right there,
so she could have some sort
of "black widow" trouble...
Uh, brainwashing guys
to try and kill themselves.
And troubled people in this town,
they can do that stuff?
Why the hell does anybody
still live here?
Thanks for bringing me home.
After what you've been through,
|—— | get it.
Katie, are you okay?
It worked again.
What?
I had this coming.
No!
Apparently Katie stepped out
in front of the car
like she was brainwashed, too.
So it's somebody else's
grim reaper trouble
making the rounds, then.
What do you think the chances are
that we made his hit list,
huh,cheekbones?
—Hey.
Do you have any idea
how hard this is for me?
Look, even though
I knew it meant I was gonna die,
I still wanted to find Audrey.
I did, too.
Now, I am trying to fix all of this,
and you should start trying, too.
Come be awesome.
Poor girl.
Did she do that to herself
with her trouble thing?
We think she's another victim
like Josh.
Where'd you get that?
Oh, the cop gave it to me.
Hey, does everybody here think
that I'm Audrey?
Well, we told everyone
that you had amnesia,
that you thought you were
somebody else
and that, you know,
working would hopefully
help you remember who you were.
—Here.
—No.
Before I jumped out of the barn,
William told me
that l belonged in Haven,
that I had a purpose.
So maybe stopping those people
from shooting you
and helping you figure out
what happened to Josh and Katie...
Maybe that's...
Maybe that's what William
was talking about.
—What are you doing here?
—Hey.
I brought you some of your clothes.
I mean, Audrey's clothes, sorry.
Ah, 5O shades of beige?
At least they should fit, right?
Okay, well, I will make sure
to avoid mirrors.
Wow.
Let's go.
You're really doing this?
No, of course not.
Back there in the woods,
l was just trying to buy time,
keep him alive.
I never thought that The Guard
would buy it, but they did,
and now | just have to keep
this ball in the air.
Okay. Let's go.
No.
Look”.
This trouble is bad.
I want you to stay away from it.
The three of us got it covered.
The three of you, of course.
I wasn't trying to tag along
or anything.
It was force of habit, I guess.
And I've got to go get my stuff
out of her apartment, so...
Good luck.
Excuse me.
Uh, we're closed.
Right. Well...
We're open now.
For a broken heart,
may I recommend Tequila?
Rebound in a bottle.
Money problems... Scotch.
Or if you're just after
some afternoon fun...
Beet
—On the house.
—Thanks.
You want to tell your bartender
your troubles?
It's an American tradition.
You got all day?
Yep.
I'm surprised you came here, Jordan.
I think you found the wrong Crocker.
—You're Duke's brother?
—Yeah.
Perfect.
Give us a minute?
Come on, I got something
to show you.
Someone targeted
Tyler, Josh, and Katie.
VVhy?
Revenge, jealousy, betrayal...
You know, Greek tragedy stuff.
I think it's all of the above.
Uh, we got this, Lexie.
No, I don't think you do,
Detective Woo—or—nose.
Wuornos.
Listen, I'm just saying
that when you were talking to Katie,
I picked up a little bit of a guilt
vibe.
I think she and Josh
were hooking up.
Bartender.
So could Tyler be our murderer?
Tyler's paralyzed.
He finds out his best friend
and girlfriend are cheating on him.
—That's motive.
—Maybe Tyler lied.
What if the accident
really was just an accident?
But then he tries
to throw the blame on Katie,
and he kills her and Josh.
Let's pay him a visit.
You up for this?
Tyler.
lt's Haven police again.
We need to talk.
Tyler. Hey.
Oh.
Tyler is dead.
It's not him.
You said that he was a paraplegic.
Where could he have gone?
I'll try to find his nurse.
The hospital just sent down
the security footage.
Let's see what we got.
It's like Tyler is controlling him.
Where did they go?
It's just like Josh and Katie.
They weren't just brainwashed.
Tyler took them over somehow,
possessed them.
Like what, some kind
of supernatural puppet master?
But why kill his poor orderly?
Maybe he was tying up a loose end?
Maybe Tyler needs to kill him
so he can jump back
into his own body.
Seizures...
Looks like Tyler had one every time
he possessed somebody.
He lost more of his motor function
every time, too.
The more he uses his trouble,
the worse his own body gets.
Does the rest of the world
know about this town?
Just us lucky ones.
—Duke, where are you?
—Upstairs.
There's some psychopath in scrubs
following me.
He's acting all twitchy
like that kid Josh was.
What the hell's going on here?
Tyler must know we're onto him.
He's possessed someone else.
Duke, that person's
an innocent victim, so don't engage.
Duke?
ln here!
Okay, I engaged a little.
He's fine.
I got him in here.
Stay back.
Move! Move!
This was a trap.
You're Tyler.
Surprise.
Give me your phones... now!
—Give it to me.
—Oh.
ljust got that.
Your trouble kicked in
after the car crash, didn't it, Tyler?
Then you figured out
how you could use it to kill Josh.
Josh was an accident.
l was lying there in that bed,
paralyzed,
and then suddenly I was in Josh
when he was out with my girlfriend,
and I found out
what they were doing.
So you killed them both
on purpose?
My life was ruined!
And they were supposed
to be my friends.
But then I realized what I could do.
It was my chance.
They got what they had coming.
You need things, don't you?
Objects?
The real you holds on to something,
and that lets you control
whoever gave it to you.
When you possessed the orderly,
you were holding a remote ——
He gave it to you.
And Josh and Katie,
they gave you get—well cards.
Duke gave you that drink ticket.
Right after you gave me
your business card,
so don't try anything.
Tyler, you can't keep this up.
It was on your charts.
Your real body is falling apart
the more you possess people.
You're gonna die.
Which is why I'm trading my body in
for this one...
Permanently.
Now, get in there.
Or I'll shoot your girlfriend.
Now.
—Move.
—Okay.
This is what Vince, Dave, and l
have been working on
for the last six months...
Another way to end the troubles.
So what did you find?
Nothing.
Everything Nathan is saying is true.
Lexie needs to kill the man she loves.
So we just sit around
and wait for them to fall in love?
I mean, it's preposterous.
Sarah, Lucy, Audrey, Lexie...
Whoever she is, she always
comes with the troubles.
Does anyone ever stop to ask
if maybe the troubles
are her trouble?
No. No, she solves troubles.
lf Duke Crocker kills someone,
their trouble ends.
So what if he killed Lexie?
Would all the troubles end?
Nothing we have found
says that would work,
not —— not a single thing.
Anything say it wouldn't?
Duke would never kill her,
not in a million years.
Back so soon, little brother?
What's the, uh, trouble du jour?
You gonna fill me in, huh?
Figures.
Why would you let me help?
Actually, maybe you can help.
See, t—there's this, um...
this troubled guy
who can possess people.
Really?
Wow. That can happen?
—Weird, right?
—Yeah.
Yeah, he —— he can jump
into another person's body
and control them for a while,
but then, whoosh,
he ends up back in his old body.
He's trying to figure out
how to keep that from...
...happening, how to stay
in the other person's body.
Well, maybe if he, uh,
I don't know, kills the old body,
he can stay in the new one.
That'd be a really good idea.
Thank you.
You've actually been very helpful.
Duke?
It's not you, is it?
No, it's not.
Do you have a safe here?
Door, three.
War—noss, zip.
Wuornos. lt...
Oh, right.
Oh, you're funny.
I've been told.
It's good to have a sense of humor
to put up with all this crazy stuff.
Well, if you're not laughing,
you're crying, right?
You know what would be
so good right now?
Some hard drugs.
Some mescaline, peyote,
some scotch.
—You've done peyote?
—Sure.
This morning I flew through
a multidimensional door, okay?
I think peyote makes sense.
Don't go all cop on me.
No...
I'm just glad you're feeling better.
You know, when we get ——
we get out of here,
maybe we could get some food...
Maybe some pancakes.
Pancakes?
[Retching]
You son of a bitch.
What happened to Duke?
He's still in here.
He's just...
riding in the backseat.
Thanks to you,
I think we know how to fix that now.
First, the safe.
Now, do you want
to tell me where it is,
or do l have to beat it out of you?
And now we're out of time.
Duke, l have made up my mind,
and don't try to talk me out of it.
Okay.
I'm going back to Boston.
Have fun.
Okay, well, you could try
to talk me out of it just a little.
I'm sorry.
I must have misunderstood.
Actually, um...
I'm leaving town, too.
What do you think
about coming with me?
Okay, I think, um...
But where are we...
Uh, great. Just...
A little fast.
Are you sure about this?
Absolutely.
Okay, um,
I just need to get my things.
We can get new things.
Okay.
Yeah, I can be spontaneous.
| just need to make a quick stop.
I need to pay an old friend
a final visit.
Okay, this clearly is not working.
What are you doing?
I've picked a few handcuffs
in my day.
You get arrested a lot?
No.
No, | just had a boyfriend
who was really into bondage.
You getting a good look?
You know I'm not her, right?
Yeah,ldo.
You're a completely different person,
and I don't want you.
I want you to be Audrey again.
I'm sorry. I know
that's a terrible thing to say.
That's just how I feel.
Uh, what are we doing
at the hospital?
Am I gonna have
to flash my boobs again?
Okay.
What's wrong, babe?
"Babe"?
I thought you were acting
kind of funny.
Maybe a little drunk, but...
I swear you've been infected
by a trouble.
I don't know who you really are,
but I will shoot you,
and I'll probably accidentally
hit you in the face,
so don't come near me.
Thank God!
Duke just went inside,
but it wasn't Duke.
Yeah, he's been possessed.
I'm getting used to it.
Wade just called me.
He said Tyler wants to stay
in Duke's body permanently,
and he thinks he's got to kill
his actual body to do it.
And this guy's body
is still in the hospital.
Yes, gone through every bit
of security footage.
The orderly that moved Tyler
never left the building.
And someone accessed
the basement at the same time.
What? I was ——
l was eavesdropping.
So what are you waiting for?
Go save Duke!
You didn't give Duke anything,
did you?
Something he could take in
to Tyler's body?
I left my pen in his leg.
So he could take control
of you, too —— any of us.
But isn't she immune
to the troubles?
I mean, they don't affect her,
like Audrey.
Okay. I get it.
Is that why I'm so important
to all of you people,
'cause I'm immune
to these trouble things?
—What else can I do?
—That's a lot.
All right, then maybe
I should go in there by myself.
No, you're not going in there
on your own.
Tyler can't control me, all right?
| go in there, I take Duke's
drink ticket out of Tyler's hand,
we get Duke back,
and | get a free drink.
No.
Okay, I have a question for you.
Is all of this real,
all this trouble insanity?
Yes, it's real.
Then maybe I need to be here.
This is what I'm supposed
to be doing.
That makes sense to me.
I'm the only shot you have
at saving your friend.
Tyler can control you,
and then you would turn on me.
Do you want to take that chance,
or do you want
to take a chance on me?
Here.
Three minutes, then I'm coming in.
All right.
Got it, Dudley do—right.
You'll be dead before you ever
get that thing out of my hand.
You think by killing yourself,
you'll be left in control
of Duke's body?
Well, what if it doesn't work?
What choice do l have?
My body is ruined!
There is no going back for me now.
Maybe for you, too.
How well do you really know
this guy?
I mean, is he really worth dying for?
I'm sorry, Duke.
What's happening to me?
What is this?
I can't stop it!
Tyler?
Relax, sweetheart.
It's me.
Oh, God.
Do you remember anything?
All of it.
It was like I was a fly
on my own wall the whole time.
What just happened?
And what was going on
with your eyes?
My family curse.
When I kill a troubled person,
I kill their trouble, too.
When he died,
Tyler couldn't control me anymore.
He accidentally ended
his own curse.
All right, well, that's good to know.
I've got a ——
got a lot to learn here.
Yeah.
That was a close one.
[Knocking on door]
All this is Audrey's, huh?
She was really good
at this trouble stuff.
Very good.
It seems you're good, too.
No, | just got lucky.
Duke could have died,
and he should've for all I did.
You went in there.
You tried.
That means a lot.
So I've heard the whispers.
You had something,
you and her.
We had something.
Did you and Audrey knock boots?
Did you make sweet love?
lt's, uh...
...complicated.
"Complicated" is what
all the married guys tell me
when they want to sleep with me.
But I'm guessing with you, though,
it really is complicated.
You'd be right.
Okay.
Wade...
You know that wasn't me.
I should've known it wasn't you
when you actually seemed
interested in what I had to say.
But I did call the cops.
I saved your ass.
So you could show me
some gratitude
and tell me
what the big secret is about you.
And lam doing you a favor
by not sharing it.
He just wants to help.
l'm protecting him.
Nothing good is gonna come
from him finding out
about our family curse.
| just hope that he eventually does
what's best for himself
and he leaves this place.
I heard what you said to Tyler.
You're going back to Boston?
lam.
Well, Lexie's gonna take
Audrey's old room upstairs, so...
But if you wanted,
l have an extra room in my boat.
Stay.
I don't care if the barn is gone.
Besides, you can make up
for what you did to my leg.
You remember everything
that "puppet Duke" did?
Mm—hmm.
You kissed me.
You kissed me back.
Let me guess.
You're waiting for my brother.
Nope.
I'm waiting for you.
So I used to live here?
What was I, broke?
I mean, it's nice and everything.
It's a little nautical.
Well, I'm glad you like it.
You owe me six months' rent.
[Laughs]
| just tried to save your life.
Shouldn't | get the first month free?
You know, I've been thinking
about what happened
down in that basement.
You just stepped aside
and let Tyler try to take me.
I don't know what to say.
I'm sorry. ljust, l...
I didn't want to get stabbed.
l was scared.
See, that's where | get stuck.
The way you jumped
out of that barn,
went down in that basement...
I guess I'm just having
a hard time believing
that you were scared.
I think you knew that my curse
would kick in and save me.
I really... I don't know
the first thing about it.
But Audrey Parker would.
Isn't that right, Audrey?
Damn it, Duke.
Yeah.
It's me.